okay I'm gonna restore a little time hey
guys how's it going my name is a sit oh
we're gonna be doing I'm gonna show you
guys how to do a bot Lobby glitch I know
that a lot of pool in most with the
majority basically of Call of Duty
players know how to do this on black ops
2 but I'm gonna be showing those like
the few percent of people who don't even
know how to do this I'm going to show
you how to do it right now that's the
best in bloom ever alright but you do
need a friend and they're these green
arrows here that means that their
party's open my friends going to be gods
like Odin I'm gonna join into him so
what you got to do is make sure you go
into custom gates first you got to go my
recommended classes is to LMGs in order
to earn more XP since this does transfer
it online XP I get a site on your gun
that you're using that you don't have
like all the customizable reticule zone
unlocked because there are thousand XP
2000 and 2500 XP so that's a really good
and 5000 wow I didn't even see that one
so it's a really good thing that you can
get and make sure they have tech and
turn on so you got to go back onto the
normal multi player screen just like
this click on system link once do not
click anything else go to friends this
might take a while so then you click X
and then spam and II just see this is
gonna take a while I just got it a
second ago but it is not easy
alright you gotta have fast fingers
Odin are you on the multiplayer screen
or the Friz list o friends live yeah I
just had it a second ago soon guys this
stuff
alright spam Andy fast as you can
alright it looks like it might work
probably not
and whenever I keep saying joining such
in the progress we just keep going shit
man you got to work out to them in
alright guys we'll all uh you'll see on
the next like a screen cut thing right I
don't even know once I get it I'll just
pop it up on the screen and then I'll
explain you guys wouldn't be your next
after that so hey guys we got it I might
not even edit that out so now because I
was only an extra 5 or 10 seconds we're
going on 3 minutes sorry
so once you get into the the like once
you get it then you'll know that you get
it when every year on the screen that I
am on right now you're not going to have
a rank and then you're just want to sit
there do not press any buttons at all or
else it will not work once uh once it
gets working you're going to get into a
new town game just like I did and now
the part that really sucks about this
you have to get out of the spawn that's
tricky
oh shoot ok and all this XP does work I
don't know why we're spawning over here
actually but let's just run away from
this guy
where's yet dang alright so I'm not oh
yeah let's switch teams guys all right I
guess you cannot switch teams all right
that sucks its on 30% health so I wish
that I had a better example of the lobby
for you guys I might pull one at the end
of the video but normally you would
spawn right on the new town shelter just
with everyone else you have to get out
of the spawn point your TAC insert and
then just kill all the box and normal
see I just got a target ridicule all
this does transfer on to online all the
XP all you need is just one friend and
that's it like in fastings but I hope
that this video did help you guys so
please drop a like if it helped you drop
or drop a comment if you have any
questions on it I will answer anything
in yet that you guys ask thank you so
much